( CRICKETS CHIRPING )
Mordecai: AW, YA–YEAH!
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT, WHICH MEANS
THIS IS THE MOST AMOUNT OF TIME
BEFORE WE HAVE TO GO BACK
TO WORK AGAIN.
AND WHAT BETTER WAY
TO CELEBRATE
THAN BY WATCHING BACK–TO–BACK
MOVIE MARATHONS! BOOP!
WHO BROUGHT THIS SPAGHETTI
TO THE POTLUCK?
( Scottish accent)
WATCH OUT, LADY –– IT'S A BOMB!
( TICKING)
( GRUNTS)
( GUNFIRE, BAGPIPES PLAYING)
AH, DETECTIVE MORALES,
I SEE YOU ALREADY MET
YOUR NEW PARTNER,
DUNCAN MacCREEDY.
NEW PARTNER?
BUT HE'S...
SCOTTISH.
YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
Announcer:
WE'LL BE BACK FOR THE REST
OF OUR "MORALES AND MacCREEDY"
MARATHON AFTER THIS.
Both: ALL–NIGHTER!
ALL–NIGHTER! ALL–NIGHTER!
( GUNFIRE, BAGPIPE PLAYS)
TOTALLY WORTH IT.
YEAH...
Both: ( SNORING )
( TIRES SCREECH ON TV)
WHOA.
HOW LONG WERE WE ASLEEP?
( DOOR OPENS)
–DOESN'T MATTER –– LOOK!
Morales: ( Thinking)
NOTHING WAS THE SAME SINCE
I GOT KICKED OFF THE FORCE
AND WAS FRAMED FOR MURDERING
MY PARTNER, DUNCAN MacCREEDY.
BUT I'LL PROVE MY INNOCENCE.
I'LL SHOW THEM ALL...
MY LOVE.
MacCREEDY!?
( GUNFIRE, BAGPIPES PLAY)
DON'T YET GO DYIN' ON ME,
MORALES.
Announcer:
YOU WANT IT –– YOU GOT IT!
STAY TUNED FOR NIGHT TWO
OF THE MORALES AND MacCREEDY
MARATHON!
Both:
MARATHON! MARATHON! MARATHON!
( GUNFIRE, BAGPIPE PLAYS)
( SNORING )
Both: HUH?!
( SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
–( SCREAMS)
–( GRUNTING)
MacCREEDY!
DIDN'T THINK YOU'D SEE ME
AGAIN, EH, MORALES?
NO, IT WASN'T ME, DUNCAN.
IT WAS THE POLICE CHIEF.
( GASPS)
WHY SHOULD I BELIEVE YOU?
BELIEVE ME...
FOR THE SAKE OF OUR SON!
OUR SON?!
WAIT, IS HE A ZOMBIE?
KEEP WATCHING
FOR THE THRILLING CONCLUSION
TO OUR
MORALES AND MacCREEDY MARATHON!
Both: ( Sleepily ) ALL–NIGHTER!
ALL–NIGHTER! ALL–NIGHTER!
I GUESS I'VE GOTTA FIND
A NEW LINE OF WORK!
( LAUGHTER )
–( SCREECHES )
( UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS)
( CHUCKLES ) I REALLY LIKE
THE PART WITH THE BAGPIPE GUN.
YEAH. I'M REALLY HAPPY
WITH MY LIFE CHOICES RIGHT NOW.
BUT I DEFINITELY WANT TO
GO TO SLEEP.
YA–YEAH. THAT TRAMPOLINE'S
CALLING MY NAME.
LOOKS LIKE
SOME GUYS I KNOW ARE EXCITED
FOR THE MONDAY MORNING
MEETING!
–WHAT?! MONDAY?!
NOW, ONTO OUR NEXT ORDER
OF BUSINESS.
SKIPS, I NEED YOU TO CLEAN UP
ALL THE LEFTOVER GOURDS.
–( SNORES, GRUNTS )
–MUSCLE MAN, HI FIVES...
–( GRUNTS )
–...BRING IN ALL
THE PADDLE BOATS OFF THE LAKE...
–( GRUNTS )
–...AND...
EXCUSE ME,
IS THERE A PROBLEM HERE?
UH, NO! JUST...
STRETCHING. ( STRAINS )
YEAH, IT'S
A MORNING–PERSON THING.
( STRAINS )
–( STRAINS )
MOVING ON...
MORDECAI AND RIGBY,
I WANT ALL THE LEAVES RAKED AND
BAGGED BY THE END OF THE DAY.
RAKE THE BAGS
AND PUT 'EM IN THE LEAVES.
YOU GOT IT.
I THINK YOU GET THE IDEA.
I'LL CHECK BACK IN LATER.
–( GROANS )
DUDE, MOST OF MY BODY'S
ALREADY ASLEEP.
I KNOW. OUR SLEEP SCHEDULE'S
ALL OUT OF WHACK.
BUT I THINK WE JUST HAVE TO
STAY AWAKE ALL DAY.
THAT WAY WE'LL FALL ASLEEP
LIKE NORMAL TONIGHT.
–I'M IN.
–OKAY.
NO MATTER WHAT,
WE'RE GONNA STAY UP ALL DA––
Both: ( SNORING )
–WHAT'RE YOU DOING?!
–HUH?!
–WHAT TIME IS IT?!
–6:00!
THE SUN'S ALREADY DOWN,
AND YOU'VE RAKED NO LEAVES!
–OH, BUT ––
–NO "BUTs," "ANDs," OR "IFs"!
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT!
UH, I THINK IT'S
"IFs," "ANDs," OR "BUTs."
WELL, IFYOU TALK BACK TO ME
AGAIN
ANDDON'T GET BACK TO WORK,
YOUR BUTTSARE GONNA BE FIRED!
DUDE, THIS IS SERIOUS.
WE GOT TO GET
A GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP.
–HEY, MORDECAI, YOU AWAKE?
–YEAH.
DO YOU EVER LOOK AT THE CEILING
AND START TO SEE THE STARS?
LIFE'S REALLY ABOUT
THE LITTLE MOMENTS, YOU KNOW?
I BET IF WE WATCH
SOMETHING REALLY BORING ON TV,
WE'LL FALL ASLEEP.
–YES! I HATETHE LITTLE MOMENTS!
OH, HELLO.
I'M DR. SHELDON WEATHERBERRY.
( SIGHS)
WELCOME TO MY THRILLING
24–PART SERIES
ON THE ART AND UPKEEP
OF MUSEUM–LEVEL BUG PINNING.
–PERFECT...
WHERE ARE YOU GOING,
YOU SLIPPERY MONARCH?
I FINALLY FEEL
LIKE I CAN GET SOME REST.
YEAH, LET'S GO TO BED.
–( GASPS )
–N–O–O–O!
I CAN'T KEEP THIS UP, MORDECAI.
I'M FADING.
YOU'VE GOTTA KEEP RAKING, DUDE.
BENSON'S STILL WATCHING US.
DO YOU THINK THIS COFFEE'S
EVEN WORKING?
( SNORING )
( GRUNTS )
YEAH, IT'S TOTALLY WORKING.
TRYING TO STAY AWAKE, HUH?
I'VE BEEN THERE.
IF YOU WANT, I KNOW A GUY
WHO'S GOT THE HOOK–UP
ON SOME REALLY GOOD
COFFEE.
–CALL HIM?
–CALL HIM.
CALL HIM.
WHEN'S THAT GUY
GONNA GET HERE?!
( HORN HONKING )
AAAH.
YOU MORDECAI AND RIGBY?
–UH, YEAH.
THEN THESE
ARE FOR YOU GUYS.
Both:
( SLURP ) WHOA!
( GROANS )
CALL AN AMBULANCE.
( '80s SYNTH MUSIC PLAYS )
MAN, I LOVE
THIS COFFEE!
( MUSIC STOPS,
CRICKETS CHIRPING )
I HATE THAT COFFEE.
YEAH.
AAH! DUDE,
I CAN'T EVEN GET MY EYES SHUT!
( GRUNTING )
( SNAP! )
OW!
WE NEED HELP.
( SNORING )
SKIPS? SKIPS?!
SKIPS!
WHAT? WHAT? HUH?!
WHAT IS IT?
SORRY,
WE JUST NEED YOUR HELP.
WE WATCHED
BACK–TO–BACK TV MARATHONS,
AND NOW OUR SLEEP SCHEDULES
ARE ALL MESSED UP.
UGH, FINE.
I'LL HELP YOU GUYS.
LET'S GET THIS OVER WITH.
HAND ME MY PANTS.
( SNORING )
–GARY? GARY?
–GARY?
–HEY, GARY!
HUH?! WHA –– WHAT?!
MORDECAI AND RIGBY
NEED TO GO
TO THE SENTINELS OF SLEEP.
BUT I NEED MY REST. DO YOU THINK
I CAN LOOK THIS GOOD
WITHOUT
A FULL NIGHT'S SLEEP?
–YES.
–THAT'S THE CORRECT ANSWER.
( ENGINE REVS )
KEEP IT COOL.
THIS IS A DANGEROUS ZONE.
WAH!
( BOTH SNARL )
WELL, WELL,
LOOK WHO IT IS.
LET ME GUESS.
GARY AND A COUPLE
OF DUDES WE DON'T KNOW.
THESE ARE MY FRIENDS ––
MORDECAI, RIGBY, AND SKIPS.
GUYS, MEET
APOLLO AND KOKO.
( SNICKERING ) "KOKO?"
WHAT KIND OF NAME IS THAT?
SOME SORT
OF COOL–GUY NAME?
( SIGHS )
MORDECAI AND RIGBY
HAVE COME TO REVERSE
THEIR SLEEP SCHEDULES.
SLEEP SCHEDULES, HUH?
I DON'T KNOW, GARY.
GUYS, COME ON. IS THERE
ANYTHING YOU CAN DO TO HELP?
THERE IS A WAY,
BUT THESE TWO DON'T LOOK
LIKE THEY'LL BE ABLE
TO HANDLE IT.
COME ON, MAN,
WE CAN HANDLE IT.
WE DO CRAZY STUFF
ALL THE TIME.
–HMM!
–ALL RIGHT,
WE'LL GIVE YOU A SHOT.
HERE'S THE DEAL.
YOU'VE GOT TO RACE TO CATCH SUN.
IF YOU CATCH IT BEFORE IT SETS,
YOU'LL GO BACK TO BEING
A MORNING PERSON.
SO WE JUST
GOTTA CATCH THE SUN?
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT IF YOU FAIL, YOU BE STUCK
AS A NIGHT OWL FOREVER!
I DON'T KNOW.
SEEMS DECEPTIVELY SIMPLE.
WE'LL SEE.
PFFF –– EASY!
WE'LL DO IT!
THERE IT IS, BOYS.
BEHOLD.
Rigby: HEY, LOOK ––
THERE'S ALREADY A GUY OUT THERE.
THIS IS IT! I'M FINALLY GONNA
GET MY LIFE TOGETHER!
NO MORE MR. NIGHT GUY!
( BEEPING )
( ENGINE REVS )
OH, NO!
THERE'S NO AIR OUT HERE!
DOES HE HAVE TO BE
A NIGHT OWL NOW?
OH, NO, HE'S JUST DEAD.
UH...
MAYBE WE SHOULDN'T DO THIS.
( ZAP! )
YOU GUYS READY?
I KNOW IT'S
A LITTLE INTIMIDATING,
BUT WE PUT SOME GOOD STUFF
IN THERE, TOO.
( SNAPS FINGERS )
( DING! DING! DING! )
THOSE PYRAMIDS
WILL HELP YOU OUT.
NOW ALL YOU GOTTA DO IS CATCH
THE SUN BEFORE IT SETS.
–YOU THINK WE CAN PULL THIS OFF?
–WE HAVE TO.
I DON'T WANT TO END UP
FLOATING THROUGH SPACE
LIKE THAT DUDE
WHO GOT HIT WITH THE PILLOW.
GOOD POINT.
Apollo: READY, SET, GO!
YOU CAN'T CATCH ME!
HA HA HA HA HA!
( TIRES SCREECH )
Both: ( GRUNTING )
HEY, IT MUST BE
A POWER–UP!
( LULLABY PLAYING )
OH...
NO!
( GRUNTS )
( BEEP! BOOP! )
HUH? THANKS, DUDE.
( GRUNTS ) LOOK!
LET'S GO!
–( GASPS )
( WARBLE! )
( BOTH GASPING )
( BOTH GRUNTING )
WAY TO GO, GUYS!
YEAH, YOU'RE ALMOST THERE!
EH, GOOD JOB, BOYS.
( SNAPS FEATHERS )
AW, YA–YEAH!
( TICKING )
HUH?!
( SCREAMS )
( BOTH SCREAMING, PANTING )
AAH!
–RIGBY!
HA HA HA!
SERVES YOU RIGHT!
"KOKO" IS A FAMILY NAME!
NOBODY MAKES FUN OF KOKO!
( PANICKED PANTING )
–AAAH!
–COME ON!
( BOTH GRUNTING )
–AAH!
–WHOO!
YA–YEAH!
( LAUGHS )
( CAR THUNKS, BRAKES SCREECH )
SO LONG, BOYS.
( ENGINE REVS )
( SIGHS )
I CAN'T WAIT TO SLEEP.
HEY, LOOK.
STAY TUNED FOR A MARATHON
OF "MORALES AND MacCREEDY:
ORIGINS."
–( GASPS )
Both: ALL–NIGHTER!
ALL–NIGHTER! ALL–NIGHTER!
( GRUNTS )
GO TO SLEEP!
( BOTH LAUGHING )